---
title: '[PIN] RNA-seq Analysis Service from University of Tsukuba'
published: 3025-04-18
image: './p2_cover.jpg'
description: 'The CHEAPEST RNA-seq service for you <3'
category: 'Advertisement'
tags: [RNA-seq]
draft: false 
lang: 'en'
---
> - Cover Pic by [@Rafa](https://www.pixiv.net/artworks/120767239)

- This RNA-seq analysis services as a part of the Open Facility Program, University of Tsukuba.
- If you wish to proceed with the request below, please contact to us. The person in charge will respond with the shipping address and other instructions.
- Note: Samples will not be returned. Thank you for your understanding.

</br>
<center><h4>Shipping Address</h4></center>

- Sport Medicine Laboratory
Room 060, Medical Sciences Building,
University of Tsukubaa
1-1-1 Tennodai, Tsukuba, Ibaraki 305-8577, Japan
- Email: rnaseq.sugasawalab.tsukuba ※ gmail\.com  
(please replace ※ with \@)

---

## <center>Plan 1: from Extraction and Purification to Data Analysis</center>

<center><h4>- 44,300 yen/sample -</h4></center>
<center><h4>- or 311.13 dollar/sample (2025.4.17) -</h4></center>

### Sample

- Please submit either tissue or a homogenized solution (e.g., processed with TRIZOL, QIAZOL, or ISOGEN)

---

## <center>Plan 2: from Purified RNA to Data Analysis</center>

<center><h4>- 37,150 yen/sample -</h4></center>
<center><h4>- or 260.91 dollar/sample (2025.4.17) -</h4></center>

### Sample

- The submitted total RNA solution must meet the following criteria:
  - A260/230 ratio ≥ 1.6
  - A260/280 ratio ≥ 1.8
- A total of 1.5–3 μg of RNA at a concentration of 50–100 ng/μL is required for each sample.

### Note

- Please submit at least 3–4 μg of total RNA if possible.
If the amount is less than 3 μg, library preparation may not be feasible.
- If your sample does not meet the above requirements, please contact us.
We may be able to accommodate samples with low concentration or poor quality.

---

## <center>Plan 3: from Quality-checked RNA to Data Analysis</center>

<center><h4>- 25,020 yen/sample -</h4></center>
<center><h4>- or 175.72 dollar/sample (2025.4.17) -</h4></center>

### Sample

- The submitted total RNA solution after purification must meet the following criteria:
  - A260/230 ratio ≥ 1.6
  - A260/280 ratio ≥ 1.8
- Confirm that RNA degradation is absent or minimal in all samples using either standard gel electrophoresis
(agarose gel for DNA in TAE buffer) or a Bioanalyzer.
  - For gel electrophoresis, a 28S/18S ratio of 1.6–1.8 with no smearing is ideal.
  - For Bioanalyzer, RIN ≥ 7 is recommended.
- Adjust RNA concentration to 100 ng/μL and ensure a total yield of 3-4 ng/μL of RNA remains.
- A total yield of at least 30 μL is required for each sample.

### Note

- Even if the total yield of RNA is lower than specified, request is still possible,
but please note that it increases the risk of library preparation failure.
Feel free to contact us for support, including guidance for gel electrophoresis.
- If you require frequent support for data analysis, we may propose proceeding as a collaborative research project with the Department of Sports Medicine Analytics. Final decisions will be made based on your preferences.

---

## <center>Plan 4: from Quality-checked RNA to FASTQ Delivery</center>

<center><h4>- 20,940 yen/sample -</h4></center>
<center><h4>- or 147.07 dollar/sample (2025.4.17) -</h4></center>

### Sample

- The submitted total RNA solution after purification must meet the following criteria:
  - A260/230 ratio ≥ 1.6
  - A260/280 ratio ≥ 1.8
- Confirm that RNA degradation is absent or minimal in all samples using either standard gel electrophoresis
(agarose gel for DNA in TAE buffer) or a Bioanalyzer.
  - For gel electrophoresis, a 28S/18S ratio of 1.6–1.8 with no smearing is ideal.
  - For Bioanalyzer, RIN ≥ 7 is recommended.
- Adjust RNA concentration to 100 ng/μL and ensure a total yield of 3-4 ng/μL of RNA remains.
- A total yield of at least 30 μL is required for each sample.

### Note

- Even if the total yield of RNA is lower than specified, request is still possible,
but please note that it increases the risk of library preparation failure.
Feel free to contact us for support, including guidance for gel electrophoresis.
- If you require frequent support for data analysis, we may propose proceeding as a collaborative research project with the Department of Sports Medicine Analytics. Final decisions will be made based on your preferences.

---

## <center>Bioinformatics Analysis Support</center>

<center><h4>- 4,010 yen/sample -</h4></center>
<center><h4>- or 28.16 dollar/sample (2025.4.17) -</h4></center>

- Our department provides bioinformatics analysis support using data obtained from next-generation sequencing. Based on a hearing with the requester, we conduct tailored analyses and prepare figures and tables accordingly.
- Please note that we may be unable to perform analyses that exceed the technical capacity of our department. For users of our RNA-seq service, please use this request form if you wish to request re-analysis more than one month after data delivery.
- Supported analyses:
RNA-seq, ChIP-seq, and genomic DNA-seq (regularly updated).
- Accepted data formats:
FASTQ, expression quantification data (TPM, RPKM, read count data, etc.).
- Supported species:
Mammals such as human, mouse, and rat, as well as bacteria.
- Tools/software used:
CLC Genomics Workbench, R, Python, GeneMANIA, Metascape, DAVID, GSEA,
and others (continually updated).
- Available visualizations:
Expression quantification, hierarchical clustering, heatmaps, pathways, Gene Ontology (GO),
scatter plots, volcano plots, and mutation identification.
